Newsgroups: rec.games.netrek
Path: news.wfu.edu!concert!news-server.ncren.net!taco.cc.ncsu.edu!gatech!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uwm.edu!msunews!netnews.upenn.edu!dsinc!ub!hood.cc.rochester.edu!callisto.pas.rochester.edu!markiel
From: markiel@callisto.pas.rochester.edu (Andrew Markiel)
Subject: Unplayed INL games
Message-ID: <1996Apr9.032101.1835@galileo.cc.rochester.edu>
Sender: news@galileo.cc.rochester.edu
Nntp-Posting-Host: callisto.pas.rochester.edu
Organization: Denizens of the Grey Wastes
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL0]
Date: Tue, 9 Apr 96 03:21:01 GMT
Lines: 56


According to the current stats on the INL stats page, the following games
have not yet been played:

Div 1:	99 Cent Value Deals at GB

Div 2:	

Team Asterix	at 80s
		at ET
		vs SMACK
		vs Milkmen

Magnum Opus	vs ET
		at Milkmen
		at SMACK

T80s at ET


The end of the season is next week. If any of the above games have actually
been played but were not recorded, the captains should mail the council
with the score of the game ASAP.

If you cannot play your games by the deadline (April 15) you should let
the council know. Extensions of a few days may be granted (pending time
constraints) - any team requesting an extension *MUST* mail the council
with such request before April 15. Your request for an extension should
include the time you plan to play your game, and preferably a decent
reason that you need an extension. Games played after April 15th will
not be accepted unless a request for extension was received by the council.

Any games not played by April 15th which have not been granted an
extension will be scored as forfeits. If you feel that the failure
to play the game was not your fault, you should mail the council no
later than April 16 with any information you have regarding your
attempts to schedule your game. If you fail to mail the council
regarding an unplayed game, it is virtually certain that you will
forfeit that game.

The INLC will rule on each unplayed game: if both teams are at fault,
each will receive a loss scored as 0 planets for, 20 planets against.
If only one team is at fault, they will receive a 0-20 loss, the other
team receiving a win at 20-0. Please note that these forfeits could
have a significant effect in deciding the 2nd place team in each division.


Any questions concerning the above should be directed to the inlcouncil
at the address below.

-Grey Elf
markiel@callisto.pas.rochester.edu

INLC: inlcouncil@soda.csua.berkeley.edu
netrek ftp site: ftp.best.com /pub/doosh/netrek
netrek home page: http://www.cycor.ca/TCave/netrek.html

