The Spring 1996 INL season has already started.

Players may be added to any INL roster at any time during the season, provided
that they are not listed on another INL roster (if they are, they cannot be
traded after the trade deadline; see the Schedules file).  If you are looking
for a team, try posting to rec.games.netrek, or mailing one of the captains
in the Teams_Seeking_Players file (currently non-existent, I'm working on
it).

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: tom@soda.CSUA.Berkeley.EDU (Tom Holub)
Date: 9 Jan 1996 08:48:47 -0800

If you are interested in joining the Spring 1996 International Netrek
League, please read this message in its entirety.

The INL is a collection of teams made up of players from around the
world who are interested in playing organized games of Netrek.
A team consists of 8 or more players, one of whom will act as the 
team captain; there is no limit to the number of players on a team,
but no one may be listed on more than one roster.

The INL Rulebook and all INL-related documents may be obtained by anonymous
FTP from ftp.csua.berkeley.edu in the /pub/netrek/INL directory.  The
INL Rulebook has has some small updates for this season (mostly stuff
that we've been doing already).


POTENTIAL TEAM MEMBERS READ THIS:

Your team will be counting on you to show up for all your 
games; if your team has fewer than 8 players for a game, 
they may be forced to play shorthanded or forfeit the game.
The league is supposed to be fun, first and foremost, but many 
people take it quite seriously, and will be quite angry with 
you if you fail your team.

If you are interested in playing but don't have a team, mail 
tom@csua.berkeley.edu.  Include your common netrek name(s), e-mail
address, and anything else you want potential captains to know
about you.  You can also look on ftp.csua.berkeley.edu at
/pub/netrek/INL/Teams_Seeking_Players to get in touch with potential
captains.


POTENTIAL TEAM CAPTAINS READ THIS:

The job of team captain takes a lot of time; if you are 
pressed for time now, we suggest that you don't volunteer to 
be a captain.  There is much secretarial work involved in captaining
a team, especially an at-large team; if you hate secretarial work, 
don't become a captain.  The other team captains will be counting 
on you to schedule all your games, so this is not a position to 
accept lightly.  If you just want to play some high-quality 
games, you are welcome to put a team together to scrimmage 
INL teams; the INL, however, is reserved for teams who plan 
to be dedicated to the game and who will complete their 
schedule (no, we don't know exactly how the scheduling is going to
work).  Please consider this when applying for membership in the INL.  

It's a good idea to have more than 8 people on your roster; 
most INL players are college students with college students'
schedules, so it can be difficult to muster a full team.  Also,
in each of the past three seasons a number of teams have dropped out
of the league; this inconveniences the INL Council and all the
teams you were scheduled to play.  Don't apply if you don't plan
to finish the season.

If you are looking for players for your team, mail tom@csua.berkeley.edu.
Include your e-mail address and an idea of how many and what type
of players you are looking for, and any other relevant comments.  You
can also look at /pub/netrek/INL/Players_Seeking_Teams on ftp.csua.


HOW TO JOIN:

Send your team's complete roster along with your team's name 
(please try to think of one before you ask to be in the league, 
it cuts down on the confusion later) to inlcouncil@csua.berkeley.edu.
Please include the words 'INL Team Application' in the title
of your mail.  It is recommended that each player use his most 
recognizable name for INL games; however, it is permissible to 
register under a different name.  If a player registers under a 
different name, he must also provide his most recognizable name.
A format something like the below would be appreciated if you
are planning a team concept.

Most recognizable name		e-mail				INL name
	
Mojo Riser			tom@csua.berkeley.edu		Asshole!
Akira				kb32@andrew.cmu.edu		Weenie!
etc.


The INL Council reserves the right to approve all weird names.

E-mail addresses of your team members are appreciated, but not
required.  Please indicate with your application if someone
other than the listed captain will handle the scheduling for the team,
or if there is a team mail alias you'd rather people use.

Applications will be open until 23:59 Pacific time, Wedensday, January 31st.
If you don't have a final team roster by that time, please mail us
with a provisional roster and an estimated date when it will be
final.  


Welcome to the league!

Tom Holub (tom@csua.berkeley.edu), on behalf of the INL Council.

